Update device-group-mapping.md (#2487)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/intune/enrollment/device-group-mapping.md

## How to configure device categories

> You need to be a Global Administrator or Intune Administrator to peform the steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to be a Global Administrator or Intune Administrator to perform these steps.
```
